And finally, I would love to
tell us some examples of companies
we all know, how they have applied
the CRM strategy and what
they have achieved.
Well, I would like to name several
examples.
The first of course I would like
to be Philips and we have two
big business groups.
It is the whole part of consumption
and we can take the example
of toothbrushes.
A simple toothbrush, well, maybe
you can register it, that
is true that it gives some information,
but now what we are doing is,
we have created one one app
that has connected the
toothbrush, that is, that
is, that is a smart toothbrush
that will give you information
based on the use
you do.
That's connected to our CRM
system and what we can do is
launch certain campaigns or launch
certain actions based on
all of that data we're collecting.
And what did it serve you?
What we have achieved is to know the
customer much better, know exactly
how they use our services, how they
use our products and how they
want to integrate this entire
ecosystem into their lives.
And what specific information, so that
we can understand it better, what
specific information are you collecting?
How often do you use this product?
How much do brushes
change?
Where did you buy this product?
If you have been through whether you
have any other product from us,
what is the frequency of changing
accessories or products?
Okay, well, we are already getting the
idea.
Of course, you make information that
you are collecting through an
app, well, through the device itself.
That is, the device and the app, that
is one of the examples.
But do people not have to put information
every time they brush their
teeth?
No, no, no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no.
That is, say, it is connected to the
app directly.
There are cases, for example, we
have all entered a property
in the city of L'Hôtel de la Ville,
that the first thing they ask
you is, many times, or your name
or code, at the time they locate
you, they know what you bought, what
you like and they make
recommendations based on that.
They know that you like that type
of coffee you bought two weeks
ago, so they know that you took two
boxes and consumed them in two weeks,
because you can be an habitual
coffee consumer and according
to that they make recommendations
for you.
This is another example that
I think is relevant.
Another example is American
Express.
American Express has been in use
for many years and was one of
the first to introduce the system
by customer gratification points
and has very well segmented
its customers according to how
much they spend and how much money
they make with them and therefore
also the type of cards there,
the GOL, the Belt, all these
things.
They know their products very well,
they know their customers very
well and know when they have to
communicate with them, either from
marketing, from sales or from
customer service to sell you
an additional insurance or an
extension of the card.
I come to think, for example,
that now in the marketplaces or
e-commerce this is leading to an
extreme, well I say, that is, that
CRM strategy, as they have so
much information or you get
into Amazon and recommend books
that have to do with what you
have bought, in many cases
that provides you with value
because it makes suggestions.
justly.
There is another component that you
have and you don't have to see that
they are DMPs, that what they do
is capture information that you have on
the web or on Google or in third companies,
but that is not registered
in your CRM.
These two combined information
makes this whole system of
recommendations much more enriched.
I didn't know it, that is, the DMP is
the, let's say, is incorporating to
everything we have seen of CRM,
information that has not been wrapped,
has not been wrapped directly within
the systems of the CRM itself, but
are interactions with other companies.
If we split it into two parts, CRMs
what they have is registered customer
information, the DMPs are anonymous
customer information, that
is, that are located either
by the IP or by cookies or because
you have given the data
to a third company.